Doc: Message Logstash module deprecations and removal (#16840)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/redirects.asciidoc

==== Logstash ArcSight module (deprecated)

deprecated[8.16.0, Replaced by https://docs.elastic.co/integrations/cef[Common Event Format (CEF)] from Elastic {integrations}]

The Logstash ArcSight module enables you to integrate your ArcSight data with the Elastic Stack.
With a single command, the module taps directly into the ArcSight Smart Connector or the Event Broker,
parses and indexes the security events into Elasticsearch, and installs a suite of Kibana dashboards
to get you exploring your data immediately.

[discrete]
[role="exclude",id="netflow-module"]
==== Logstash Netflow module (deprecated)

deprecated[7.4.0, Replaced by the {filebeat-ref}/filebeat-module-netflow.html[{Filebeat} Netflow Module] which is compliant with the {ecs-ref}/index.html[Elastic Common Schema (ECS)]]

The Logstash Netflow module simplifies the collection, normalization, and
visualization of network flow data. With a single command, the module parses
network flow data, indexes the events into Elasticsearch, and installs a suite
of Kibana dashboards to get you exploring your data immediately.

[discrete]
[role="exclude",id="azure-module"]
==== Azure module (deprecated)

> 

Reviewer: The [Azure Event Hub integration](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/integrations/current/azure-eventhub.html) is a more natural replacement - the Azure module for metricbeat is more for general azure process monitoring, whereas event hubs are the azure equivalent of Kafka. It is the Azure event hub plugin that the module works with

> deprecated[7.8.0, "Replaced by the https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/integrations/current/azure-eventhub.html[Azure Event Hub integration]."]

Author: ```suggestion
deprecated[7.8.0, "Replaced by the https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/integrations/current/azure-events.html[Azure Logs integration]."]
```

The https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/overview/what-is-azure/[Microsoft Azure]
module in Logstash helps you easily integrate your Azure activity logs and SQL

> diagnostic logs with the Elastic Stack. 

Reviewer: I'm not sure if I'd keep the descriptive blurbs underneath. WDYT?

Author: I deleted a lot of text, but left the highlevel descriptions in to provide a bit of context.  If somebody has a link, sending them to a heading and a deprecation notice doesn't seem to be enough.

Reviewer: Actually, looking further into it - https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/integrations/current/azure-events.html might be a better link - it seems much more comprehensive than the one I linked earlier, and does a lot more than our module does/did

@flexitrev WDYT?
